apps/docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: Vue Stripe
  text: Stripe Elements for Vue.js
  tagline: Build beautiful payment forms with Vue 2 and Vue 3
  image:
    src: /vue-stripe-logo-variant-1.png
    alt: Vue Stripe
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Get Started
      link: /guide/introduction
    - theme: alt
      text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/vue-stripe/vue-stripe

features:
  - icon: 🔄
    title: Vue 2 & 3 Compatible
    details: Built with vue-demi for seamless compatibility with both Vue 2 and Vue 3 projects.
  - icon: 💳
    title: All Stripe Elements
    details: Payment Element, Card Element, Express Checkout, and more - all wrapped in Vue components.
  - icon: 🎯
    title: Type-Safe
    details: Full TypeScript support with proper type definitions for all components and composables.
  - icon: ⚡
    title: Reactive by Design
    details: Leverage Vue's reactivity system with composables like useStripe() and useStripeElements().
---

<div class="vp-doc">

## Quick Example

```vue
<template>
  <VueStripeProvider :publishable-key="publishableKey">
    <VueStripeElements :client-secret="clientSecret">
      <VueStripePaymentElement />
      <button @click="handleSubmit">Pay</button>
    </VueStripeElements>
  </VueStripeProvider>
</template>

<script setup>
import {
  StripeProvider,
  StripeElements,
  StripePaymentElement,
  useStripe,
  useStripeElements
} from '@vue-stripe/vue-stripe'

const publishableKey = 'pk_test_...'
const clientSecret = 'pi_..._secret_...'

const handleSubmit = async () => {
  const { stripe } = useStripe()
  const { elements } = useStripeElements()

  const result = await stripe.value.confirmPayment({
    elements: elements.value,
    confirmParams: {
      return_url: 'https://example.com/complete'
    }
  })
}
</script>
```

</div>

Commit message:

Update pnpm-lock.yaml to include new dependencies for @nolebase/vitepress-plugin-og-image and bootstrap. Add .env.example for Google Analytics configuration. Revise documentation to reflect Vue 3 compatibility and enhance clarity. Introduce Open Graph image generation in VitePress config and update favicon and robots.txt for improved SEO. Refactor VueStripe components to support new payment intent features and enhance error handling in composables.

apps/docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: Vue Stripe
  text: Stripe Elements for Vue.js
  tagline: Build beautiful payment forms with Vue.js
  image:
    src: /vue-stripe-logo-variant-1.png
    alt: Vue Stripe
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Get Started
      link: /guide/introduction
    - theme: alt
      text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/vue-stripe/vue-stripe

features:
  - icon: 🔄
    title: Vue 3 Ready
    details: Built for Vue 3 with full Composition API support and modern Vue patterns.
  - icon: 💳
    title: All Stripe Elements
    details: Payment Element, Card Element, Express Checkout, and more - all wrapped in Vue components.
  - icon: 🎯
    title: Type-Safe
    details: Full TypeScript support with proper type definitions for all components and composables.
  - icon: ⚡
    title: Reactive by Design
    details: Leverage Vue's reactivity system with composables like useStripe() and useStripeElements().
---

<div class="vp-doc">

## Quick Example

```vue
<template>
  <VueStripeProvider :publishable-key="publishableKey">
    <VueStripeElements :client-secret="clientSecret">
      <VueStripePaymentElement />
      <button @click="handleSubmit">Pay</button>
    </VueStripeElements>
  </VueStripeProvider>
</template>

<script setup>
import {
  StripeProvider,
  StripeElements,
  StripePaymentElement,
  useStripe,
  useStripeElements
} from '@vue-stripe/vue-stripe'

const publishableKey = 'pk_test_...'
const clientSecret = 'pi_..._secret_...'

const handleSubmit = async () => {
  const { stripe } = useStripe()
  const { elements } = useStripeElements()

  const result = await stripe.value.confirmPayment({
    elements: elements.value,
    confirmParams: {
      return_url: 'https://example.com/complete'
    }
  })
}
</script>
```

</div>
